docs(gen): Update SEO descriptions MTA-4850 (#3490)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/using-api-call-list.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Scaleway Object Storage supported S3 API calls

>   description: Utilize the API call list effectively with Scaleway Object Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Learn how to use the API call list effectively with Scaleway Object Storage.
```

content:
  h1: Object Storage API

>   paragraph: Utilize the API call list effectively with Scaleway Object Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: Learn how to use the API call list effectively with Scaleway Object Storage.
```
